Add GraphQL and SQL to License section in README (#626)
scalar-labs/scalardb: README.md

- [Yonezawa-T2](https://github.com/Yonezawa-T2) - reported bugs around Serializable and proposed a new Serializable strategy (now named Extra-Read)

## License
Scalar DB is dual-licensed under both the Apache 2.0 License (found in the LICENSE file in the root directory) and a commercial license.
You may select, at your option, one of the above-listed licenses.

> The commercial license includes enterprise-grade tools, such as a multi-table consistent backup/restore tool for Cassandra, and the GraphQL and SQL features.

Author: Just added `, and the GraphQL and SQL features` in this line.

> The commercial license includes enterprise-grade tools, such as a multi-table consistent backup/restore tool for Cassandra, and the GraphQL and SQL features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commercial license includes several enterprise-grade features such as management tools and declarative query interfaces like GraphQL and SQL interfaces.
```
